feature: one app v2 (#32)
microsoft/generative-ai-with-javascript: app/README.md

This app allows you to speak to all character features in the curriculum. 

## Installation

1. Start a GitHub Codespaces
1. Run `npm install`
1. Run `npm start`
1. Open `http://localhost:3000`

## Speak to a character

You're faced with a text input field. Type your message and see the response from the character you are speaking to.

## Change character

> Select the dropdown to change the character you are speaking to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the character from the mini portrait below the major image.
```
